# Spooky's Pizza Online Ordering

#### By Bryce Bresnan <Bryce.Bresnan@gmail.com>

#### This webpage functions as an online ordering form for pizza. It takes input from the user that modifies various elements of a pizza such as size and toppings. It then generates a cost for that pizza based on the construction and displays the entire order and its total cost.

## Technologies Used

* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript
* Markdown
* Bootstrap
* Majenta.js


## Specifications

* View testing file [here](tests.txt)


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone this repository from GitHub.
* Navigate to the top level of the directory.
* Open index.html in Google Chrome.

* Optional Link to GH-Pages: https://brycebresnan.github.io/Spooky-Pizza/

## Known Bugs

* There is Deprecation warning: "The ScriptProcessorNode is deprecated. Use AudioWorkletNode instead."
* There is a warning generated by AudioContext that states: "The AudioContext was not allowed to start. It must be resumed (or created) after a user gesture on the page." This does not seem to effect functionality.
* The creepster font generates two errors:
  1. Failed to load resource: net::ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT
  2. Failed to load resource: net::ERR_UNKNOWN_URL_SCHEME
  This does not appear to effect the display of the text. 

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Bryce Bresnan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.